Hi guys welcome to Of course Decodes ICICI
lBard Elevate
Ayush You are welcome.   Thank
you.  Thank you so much for having me
Hitesh.
You are welcome Ayush.  So Ayush, you know that ever
since Elevate came out, I have received DMs from many of my friends and family
asking, can I
promote my product?  The health
insurance that I have is
talking about porting and porting is genuinely a
very hard decision.  Right?  But let's
not talk about porting right now, but let's talk
about Elevate, what a
stir this product has created,
and let's decode this particular product
and I need honest advice from you.
Complete Expert Honest Advice for Elevate
I Wanted From You.
I will ask whatever doubts I have.
I will have a lot of doubts.  Definitely.
Maybe this review will become bigger.
But okay, let's decode it.  Each
and Everything Let's Decode It.   Come on, come.
So let's start with the tadka of the product.
We
can have a lot of spices in this product.
You keep telling me one by one whether there
is such a spice?  What is the spice in this product
that makes it so lucrative
and how is the company selling this particular
product in the market.
Sure Hitesh.  So the Like You Rightly Said
product has created quite a stir.   Yes.   Is it
in the market?   Yes.
If you have seen the
logo of Elevate, in the logo used by Elevate, they have put an
infinity
sign at the end, yes, there is an
infinity sign, it
means that there are so many
infinite things in it, right Hitesh, I
mean, till date no industry had come up with such a meaning, till now
such a meaning type
of innovation in which infinite is offering what all
things are infinite, let's
talk about it one by one, the
masala tadka, the USP, right,
after that let's start from there,
sure, the
first thing in it, Hitesh, is that this
plan offers unlimited sum insured, what is the
unlimited cover amount, brother, in this I mean
that generally the policies
start from 5 lakh, 3 lakh
and they have a maximum upper cap that you
can take a policy up to 1 crore, you
can take up to 2 crore, you can take up to 3 crore, right, there is
no upper cap in this, unlimited sum
insured,
okay,
we have
unlimited sum insured,
something I mean  Whatever the amount of your claim, be it Rs 5 crore, Rs 10 crore, Rs 20 crore or Rs
50 crore, you have
unlimited cover.
Now in today's date you might be thinking that
normally people are buying like a cover of Rs 5 lakh or
10 lakh
but let's say like 15-20 years down the line
looking at the inflation right now.
Health care costs are increasing so much.  You never know how much it will be tomorrow.
Absolutely.  Today the cost of surgery is
running from ₹ lakh or ₹ lakh for any
one X or Z surgery, but
due to inflation, it can double or triple within the next 10 years.
Absolutely,
at such times, unlimited sum insured is something
you can consider.  Isn't it?  You can consider it.
I am not saying that you should consider it.   Can be done.
But if I look at it, even ₹3 crore is
enough.  Meaning,
even unlimited Rs 2 crore or Rs 3 crore is enough.  If you
ask me personally, then
unlimited cover amount seems very
good, yes brother, let's take
unlimited cover amount.  Right?
Meaning we were our research team was doing like
a quick analysis.  It was revealed that
if you take a cover of Rs 1 crore.
So the premium is about 30-35% more than that
for like unlimited cover amount.  If you are
purchasing a policy of ₹1 crore and
take unlimited cover, then the difference between these two is
around 30% to 40%.   Isn't it
?  So you can take it for thinking.
Having said that there are a couple of
catches in this, right?
Sure,
if you have to port the policy tomorrow, you have taken
Elevate on today's date.
Hmm but I am
not liking your service.
You never know how much you will get tomorrow, even
today people are praising ICICI LBA a lot
in the market.  But
you never know that tomorrow
you may not like the service personally
or their genuine service may
not be good or they are creating problems by giving claims.
You mean you have to switch, so
when you are porting then you
tend to port to like a similar policy,
right and even better if there is unlimited sum
insured, where you are porting,
they do not have unlimited sum insured, if not then it is
fine, this is one
point,
now we have talked about porting, that you are
porting, so recently in
our community of experts,
I am hearing
that
even for downgrading, insurance
companies are creating some problem,
creating chaos, I have always said in the
sense,
downgrade in the sense, means if you have
bought a policy of Rs 1 crore from LETS today.
Now for Rs 1 crore, you are paying the premium as per your age.
We all know that as your age increases, the
premium will also increase.
Either the insurance company will do it year on year
or it will do it according to the age slab.   Are
we
right?  But your premium is increasing.
As the years pass by.
Right?
Now your premium is increasing by Rs 1 crore.
If a time comes when you
realize that it has become unaffordable for you.  So
generally what we recommend is that from
1 crore you should reduce it to 50 lakhs
or reduce it further
if you want to do it because downgrading is easier than
upgrading.
If you are upgrading then your
underwriting is being done again for the extra
cover amount that you want to add
in your policy, right, at that
time your age has also increased, when
you are upgrading then the underwriting is done at that time, it is possible that they may
reject you,
meaning they may not allow you to upgrade,
so downgrading is always like a
better option, this is the philosophy that of course has been
following us from like a lot
of years, but recently
we heard from our expert community
that nowadays insurance companies are
creating issues even in downgrading, that is, they are
creating issues.
So once you take unlimited sum insured,
you are stuck with it.
Well
and you don't know the downgrade now is
unlimited sum insured.  As of today,
I am saying that the premium is 30-35% higher.
But you never know that tomorrow
due to health care inflation,
they may have increased the premium of unlimited sum insured four times.
We
are here, right?  And it is a very young product.  It has
not even been a year since the product was launched.
Not a single policy has been renewed for
those who have purchased Elevate.  So we don't know
what is going to happen tomorrow.   Yes, isn't it
?  So all this
shooting in April 2025
exactly and this product was launched
in like last year of I think around July.
Right?  July and Somewhere Around Like You Know
July.  I am forgetting the exact date.
So it has not even been a year since this
product came into the market.  So what does there are too many
uncertainties mean?  So that's why
I'm unlimited some insured is something which is very
fancy.   It
looks good but these are all small
catches.   It is
not a small catch, it is a big catch for me.
Yes, big ones, yes I know, I know.  Meaning these are
things that customers should know.
Our viewers should know
that there are some things which
you should keep in mind and not just buy unlimited
sum insured.
Straight sir.
perfect.  I wanted to add one more thing to this
that unlimited sum insured is not something which
ICICI has not taken out.
Even before this, there are some other
products which have unlimited
sum insured.   Isn't it
?  We will also shoot a podcast about those products
later.
But yes it is
not something which has
come in the market for the first time.  Unlimited Sum Insured is an
old scheme and there must be some learnings from it which
Elevate might have learnt.
Right?
Some learnings must have been learnt from the old stories, i.e. the unlimited cover that came in the old products.
Old Products ICICI did not have any old
product which had unlimited.   The
second is an insurance company.
It had a product which had
unlimited sum
and that insurance company is also very
young.
His product is also very young.
Understood
right?  So then it means learning is something which
yes of course your question is absolutely correct.
Meaning, through learning, one
can definitely make a good product and
insurance companies obviously do the same.
But I don't know yet.  There
is still uncertainty regarding this matter.
Understood.  So basically, it was shown to me in a big way
but behind it there is a lot of hidden catch. The
catch is that
going forward, 20 years down the line, there might be
chances that I need to
downgrade my cover. There are
many chances, like who knows?
And we don't know much uncertainty exactly.
And we don't know, man, I don't know whether I will be allowed to
downgrade tomorrow
or not. Right now, if I am
listening, I don't know tomorrow. It is
possible that they may be allowing it. We never know. That's the
uncertainty, right, I do
n't know
100%.
Okay, so I
understood this about this tadka, that
infinity thing. So, now you got to know what is the
hidden thing,
you should not just look at it and buy everything.
Okay, Aayush, so I understood about one tadka
and some such negative things
about this product which a customer should know about
infinity sign. We talked about
its next one benefit.  USP
that is something known as infinite care
infinite care
okay
this is something which I have exactly
seen for the first time
in this industry, this is the first time
someone has done such a launch.  Well,
basically in Infinite Care, no matter how much
cover amount you have taken,
what happens because of this benefit is that through out the
lifetime of the policy,
okay right,
you keep renewing it
year after year, year after year, for the entire
lifetime, for as many years as you have
this policy,
any single claim of yours, no matter how much the
amount is, the
insurance company is liable to settle it.
Well, I
mean, if you have taken a policy of Rs 5 lakh, okay,
and even after that, if you have this
benefit, then
in your lifetime, no matter how much claim you have got, even if you have got a claim of Rs
20 lakh, even if you have got a claim of Rs 30 lakh, even if you have got a
claim of Rs 50 lakh, the
insurance company will settle it, but it will
settle it only
once,
yes, it is a very important thing Hitesh,
where is this available add-on,
okay,
for this you will have to pay extra premium, you will have to pay
extra premium,
remember one more thing Hitesh,
if you have chosen unlimited sum insured
So you cannot take this add on, I was about to
say the same thing, it does
not make sense, if you take unlimited then
after all this is the settlement, means it is the
settlement of the game itself and how much, if you
take this rider and there is unlimited sum
insured also, then it means the purpose itself is being defeated, the
whole point is being defeated, that is
right, so
if you have taken unlimited sum insured then
you are not eligible to buy this rider, got it, but
if there is no unlimited sum insured and
whatever maximum capping you have kept,
minimum or maximum, you are taking cover, and
if you have taken this add on,
then basically, in your entire lifetime, no matter how much a claim is, the
insurance
company will
cover it, nice, nice, so was it a hidden
thing or not, meaning it is an add on, anything specific which a
customer should know about this
particular infinity care, is there
something hidden in it or is there something which the
customer  You should know that
a customer, I have taken a cover of Rs 10 lakh and
I have taken Infinity Care as an add-on,
now I will tell you
what I will get, there are
one or two things in this, Hitesh, which I
want to tell you that you will get.  Of course you will get it.  Well, it will definitely
matter on the terms and conditions and underwriting philosophy whether
you will get the policy or not.   If you are
getting the policy then yes,
when you are buying the Inception policy for the
first time, you can add this add-on.
Okay,
or you can add it on the first renewal.
Not after not after that.
Secondly, generally what happens with add-ons is
that you can add them on any renewal,
in most of the policies talking about any
add-on like you know as such.
Got it.  But you can buy this particular add-on either
only on Inception
or you can buy it on the first renewal.
Ok.
After this, you will not get this add-on from the second, third and fourth year.   Will
not get it.   Isn't it
?
Got it.
One point is this,
second point is Hitesh that after adding this add on,
you will have to keep it added by renewing it every year.
Even once you
remove this add-on on renewal,
you cannot add it again.
Okay, okay, nice.  Ok ok ok.  Isn't it?
Yes, this is quite interesting.
Yes.  That if you have purchased it with add on
then you are renewing it.  Like let's say
like five years down the line you're deciding
that the premium is getting too high.   I'll
remove the add-on now.   I will take it out.
Removal is allowed.  You can remove it but then the ad will
not be added again.
Ok.  Ayush also understood about Infinite Care.   I
also understood the hidden conditions.  It's an add
on.  I understood this too.  Let's talk about
other spices if there are more spices in this
particular product.  And there are some more spices in
this product.  I think so.  You
tell me, I would like to tell you about one more thing,
Hitesh, that
again this is going back to our infinity
sign, there is a reason why
these people have given so many meanings to the meaning of infinity, that is why
they have put the infinity sign in their logos itself.
So there is another benefit of Hitesh which is
called Power Booster.
Yes.  So what is this power booster?
Yes.  So Power Booster Hitesh, basically we have been
talking about bonus in our episodes earlier also, the
insurance company gives one by one percentage of
the cover amount as bonus during
the time of renewal and there is a maximum
upper cap generally that is 100% or
something which can go up to 150% or even 200%.
So this benefit is
power booster, it is something like a
super bonus, isn't it? It is a super bonus,
okay,
isn't it? They call it loyalty edition
in their policy wording. If you see, it is
super loyalty edition. Basically,
in this, 100% year on year during the
time of renewal,
they will keep increasing your cover amount
and there is no upper cap.
What we mean is, if you have taken a policy of Rs. 10 lakh today
and your policy is renewed, then it will become 20
lakh next year, 30
lakh the next year, 40 lakh the next year,
50 lakh the next year and this will keep increasing renewal after renewal after renewal
and there is no other
upper cap till unlimited number of times. There will be something like this, they will keep increasing
your cover amount for an unlimited number of times.
Basically, through this benefit, you will have
unlimited sum insured, but the thing is that
it will keep increasing year after year, it will keep increasing year after year.
If you have taken unlimited cover, then
Day One  Yours has become unlimited from now.   To give you
unlimited
access to this, you will have to keep renewing it year after year.
Another
special thing about it, Hitesh, is that it is guaranteed.  It doesn't matter what you're
claiming.
We will keep
increasing your cover amount by 100% year after year.
Meaning,
you are making irrespective claims in irrespective.
How can this happen?
We are this, this is the reality.
Truth's premium means if I
pay a premium of Rs 10 lakh, then if I
take it as an add-on, then definitely my add-on will be
very cheap.
So it is the best for me, so then
everyone will buy this product.
You are right but premium is not there yet, premium
yes premium has come, let's talk about premium a little bit now.
I know about the premium but they don't
tell me the premium.  But we will
talk about premium in the end.
But the premium I pay is
you are right.  Your analogy is 100% correct.
That whatever you are paying for the base, the
rider will obviously be less than that.
That is true.  Yes, and that's how it is.  Yes
absolutely.  Now the question is who
all will buy this product?
Yes, why should I buy another product?
So for this Hitesh, I want to tell you
that there are two things here.  One thing is that the
insurance company can never stop all these types
of benefits, add-ons etc.
Especially the add-ons,
those people will stop showing their add-ons on the website.  I do
n't know what will happen tomorrow.  He withdrew it.
Good.
Yes.  We can do this thing that
we are withdrawing this particular add-on.
What is all of this about?  Why
can you do this?  Why not?
This thing is not at the discretion of the insurance company, no matter
how much you fight, you cannot do anything.   It is
at the discretion of the insurance company that
I can remove this thing as per
my wish.
I feel like I am making
loss because of this like you no add on.
So imagine that right now I was giving
this example that I
took a policy of Rs 5 lakh and by paying a little extra premium
I have added this add-on.
We
are here, right?  So actually now my claim has come of
like 30 lakhs from claims, we the
insurance company is liable to pay that customer from
claims that in a month five such
customers came, insurance wise 10 customers
came like this
because they had kept the cover amount very low,
so they had kept their premium low
and by adding this rider, the
cover amount of these people was more than what it was, meaning basically the
utilization of this rider was increasing,
somewhere the insurance company will sit and
think, oh
this is a lot, I mean I am incurring a loss because of this, otherwise
I was liable for 5 lakhs, yes, yes, right, yes,
either they will increase the premium of the rider on
renewal, that
whatever ex-pay you are paying today, they will make it
2x, or
else they may withdraw, he got it, got it, so I always recommend
over here at course we always
recommend that looking at all these fancy features, it is
not good
and innovation is needed in the industry,
I am not  I am not saying that I am
against innovation, innovation should happen
but from the point of view of innovation,
you should not finalize the plan by looking at the innovation,
you should always look at the core benefits.  We
are here, right?  Core what benefits do you have
?  You should have an appropriate cover amount.
Now these three
USPs that we have talked about, the tadka and the
spices, all
three were related to the cover amount.
If you notice this, right?
So the cover amount is something which is obviously very
knowing that
inflation is increasing so much.  You never know.
So the cover amount is something that should be there
but the cover amount should be appropriate.   Isn't it
?  For that I highly recommend our
customers to go and check out our True Match
tool.  On True Match tool, basically we do complete
analysis need based analysis.  And on that
basis we will tell them
how much minimum cover amount you should take as of today.
So that's until you're turning like 60, 65
years old.
You should have enough cover amount.   Isn't it
?   So that
you don't have to think about upgrading etc.  Isn't it
?   That is
why we calculate the minimum cover amount and
inform the customers.  Isn't it
?
So it is very important to have appropriate cover amount.  Isn't it
?  Along with this, it
is equally important to look at the core benefits.  The core
benefits are being given, right?
We have
always talked about this in our previous episodes.
Right?  Those core benefits should be good.   There should
not be too many terms and conditions etc.
Then you should take a policy accordingly.
Rather than that, it has
infinite infinite infinite.
So I closed my eyes and focused on this only.
Well, it is also affordable for me.
And plus infinity is infinity.  In this, there will be
no worry about the cover amount.
So buy that policy.  Ok?  This is this shouldn't be
the philosophy.
Got Idly Speaking.
So yes, that is correct.  Infinity
Infinity we are doing a lot.  And at the same
time,
I feel that people who might be
taking the infinite cover etc. etc. are at a
slightly upper level, above each income bracket.
Right?
We have to appeal to the majority.  The
insurance company wants to appeal the case.   That's
why like they have added as an add on
also infinite cover.   I understand.
But yes, you will
tell me about the premium, otherwise let us discuss the premium at the end.  Let's
see
how much its premium turns out to be.  How much is the advance premium?
So, regarding the core benefits, you
always tell that after looking at the core benefits, we should take the
decision that now
you can make a decision on the basis of these core benefits.  The
customer can make a decision whether he
should buy the product or not.  So
if there is no further spice left in this then we
can come to the core benefits.  Hitesh
There R20 Plus Riders Available in This
Plan.
Oh my God!
Meaning this is a highly customizable plan.  So
you can add or subtract many things as per your requirement.
We
are here, right?  So this is something that I personally
appreciate
that there are a lot of plans that have
things that are inbuilt.
For example, maternity benefits are
inbuilt in us.
Now if a customer is not in that phase of life
where she needs maternity benefit, that is like at
her mid 40s, late 40s, meaning she has had a
baby.  So
that plan became irrelevant for them.
I don't want to take maternity benefits.
Right?  I am just giving an example.  Or
get it
and still but
I am paying for my maternity also in the base plan because maternity benefit is inbuilt.   I am paying
higher premium.
Yes 100%
so it's always better to have like these
types of things as add ons.  That
is available as an add-on.  If you want to take it,
you can add it.  If you don't want to take it then you can
subtract it.  Remove it.
Ok.  Ok.  Isn't it?
For the customers out there like we can make
a separate video on these add ons.  Because
I think there should be a video of the kiss.
Or absolutely.  We
can make a separate video on add ons, not just
for like Elevate but for like other
products as well, what kind of add ons
are there and like done done done,
you people will have to comment to
tell whether you make the video or
not,
okay so Ayush and is there any spice or tadka in this, so
if we talk about add ons Hitesh, then as I
already told you so many add ons are there,
so according to me these three which we have
talked about benefits are a
bit stand out, all the
other add ons are more or less like you know there are
other players also which
all of them are giving full meaning.
Ok?
Riders so that means let's not like you know get into all the
riders right now like you
rightly said may be we can cover all the riders
in a sense video.
Ok?  So based on these things how would you
rate the
product, what
would you rate the product?
Like you already know Hitesh, of course we
rate all the products in an unbiased manner as comprehensively as we can.  Absolutely.   Based
on our methodology of weighted average and
relative scoring,
ICICI LBR's Elevate plan has been rated
4.5 out of five.
In Terms of Five.
4.5 out of five in terms of product
benefits.
Okay yes.
Meaning in this I have seen products which were above
4.5 years.
But why is it 4.5?
So there are a few hidden conditions.  There are a few
clauses in this.
Due to which the room rent one became like an
add on, basically for the base policy we have
given 4
correct base policies regarding core benefits etc.
and couple of more benefits as well about
which we will make a separate video
regarding all their envisages etc.
like you know you can definitely go and check
out our decode page, in the decode page we
also list down the hidden conditions etc. so
there also you can check
what were the hidden conditions.  Wherever there are
hidden conditions, we
mark every product negatively.  Got
it.
So keeping all those things in mind,
this product has got a rating of 4.5 out
of five.
Ok.  Ok.  Meaning I have asked thinking
that it will be very high rated.  Butt is fine.  But I got it that's the
base.  Add-ons are not included in this.
Right?  Ok.  So we have talked about the
product.  But at the same time, the product is
not the only one.  There are also very different things.
Customer experience is very important
and games are very important.
And we always
talk about all three of these things.  So that the customers who have
come and are watching can take their proper
decision whether they have to purchase this
product or not.  Right?  So let us do one
thing on that.  Let's go to then let's talk
about the customer experience.
How is the customer experience for ICIL?
So Hitesh, more than customer service, I always take
claims
experience because any
customer like you has already said that
if God forbid a claim comes tomorrow,
it should be paid. That's
right, there is no logical point. Otherwise,
you have bought a very
fancy product, then everything is there in it, you are
paying premium year after year, the
premium is getting higher and higher every year, in fact,
in the last, when I needed to use health, I did
not get the payment. That's right, so what is left, let's talk about
team experience. First, I would say, right? Let's
talk about team experience first. So, of
course, to rate the claims experience,
Hitesh, there are like a couple
of parameters which we consider, we
aggregate data from their website,
from public disclosure,
from annual reports of ID, etc., etc.
Now let's talk about two-three parameters.
For example, first of all
I will talk about Incredible Travel Ratio,
ICR.
If You Can Quickly Explain What ICR
Is.
Yes.  So Hitesh, ICR means
how much total premium is the
insurance company collecting?  Yes,
and how much of those premiums do they have to claim?
So there is a ratio for this, it is like a
percentage of how many claims came versus
how much premium they collected.
This ratio of insurance companies remains anywhere from 55 to
60% to 80%.
We are considered like
a healthy insurance for you know like
economically.  So for ICI Lobbard
basically this percentage is 78.85%
which is good.
Which is good as the benchmark
it's like you know pretty decently.  Right?
So another parameter Hitesh that I would like
to include is the percentage of claims
that are getting settled within 30 days of the
claim getting reported, right?  So it is a
variant parameter because basically the
claim is being settled quickly.
99.78%
good
of the claims that are getting reported are getting settled
with in 30 days by ICICI
November
99 plus is a good number
so some are even more than 99.78%
at the end put 89% with me.  I know
insurance company is in 100%.
Oh my god
correct.  Yes, but of course it is going to
depend upon the volume of claims also that they are
getting.  That means it should be an Apple to
Apple comparison, if I am
comparing ICI with any insurance company
which is new or does not have much
business, understand it.
So yes,
okay.  Ok?  So we've talked about these
two matrix parameters matrix whatever you
can say and you said three.  So
what is the third one?  The third
parameter that I would like to
discuss with Hitesh is the percentage of
complaints that they are receiving
at the time of claims.  How many
complaints are coming from customers?
What is his percentage?  At the Time of Claims.
Okay, so that's decent like 1% of them.  I know
insurance companies that have even less than this.
Ok?
And there are some insurance companies that have
even less than this.  I know it sounds very less
but percentage wise and relatively speaking
111% is also like it's
ok.  I'm not saying like it's bad
and all and okay.  But I know insurance
amazing cases come.  There are other parameters also that we consider
to rate like you know
games experience.  To check please visit
our website.  Please Go To Our Dquote Page
And You Can Check Out All The Parameters That
We Guys Are Considered For Rating Claims
Experience Of The Insurance Company.
So based on these parameters and other
parameters which you have mentioned.  So
how would you rate the claims experience overall
?  Meaning how is the claim
experience of ICICI rated?
ICICI Robot is rated 4.3 in Claims Experience?
So oh nice.
4.3 is not bad.  Bhai sahab, I mean because we have
discussed products which have less
charges, some were even less than that, yes yes yes
most of the
insurance companies out there, I mean most are
not the right boy but like
insurance companies
suffer a lot because of their claims experience, brother
they have made a very good product but their
rating is not good on claims experience, I
mean overall rating then finally I mean everything
falls and we have already talked about
claims experience, obviously I
mean I am taking the product clearly that
finally I mean yes if need be then that is
right.  I went to college but I am
not getting placed, so what is the point of
going to college, correct, correct, I understood,
okay, so we talked about the claims, there is a
decent rating in claims also, the
rating of the product was 4.5,
its claims rating is 4.3, which is
decent, now let's talk about the
customer
experience, correct,
Hitesh, in customer experience there are
a few parameters that we consider for
grading the customer service experience as well,
like for example, we
randomly call the insurance company toll free
number, just to see that means how quickly you get
connected to the human agent.  How and what
quality of conversation is taking place.  How much
knowledge does the agent with whom you are talking have?
So how well he is able to explain.
How much sales,
how happy he is, consider everything regarding sales.   Among these, if
I am taking only one
parameter that I will talk to you about is how
quickly you get connected to the agent when you
call.
So his time is average.
Ok.   Isn't it
?  They are not like very quick also.
So you do not connect with the agent quickly
and it is not very slow either, meaning
you are sitting and considering IBR, consider that two, three, four,
five minutes have passed, it is not like that, then it is
average, okay, relatively speaking, obviously, it is
not that comparatively with others,
if I compare it relatively with all other insurance companies, then
their average is
another parameter, Ritesh is that so basically we
analyze the Twitter handles of every
insurance company, that is, a lot of
frustrated customers
first want to go to Twitter and
file a complaint by publicly
tagging the insurance company, so
how do we get responses on those complaints, is the
bot responding, is the AI
responding
or is there a human agent who is
giving personalized responses, is it
available after 8:00 pm or
not, what was their first response time,
shut up,
what was the average response time, many such types of
parameters, we
consider this rate
If I talk about any parameter in this, then the
average response time of ICICI
Alambert to reply to a tweet is average,
well
some are not getting replied very quickly.
Average response.  Average response
means if there is multiple change in the thread
between the customer and the insurance customer, then the
average of all these is how much time was taken,
understood?
So that's like the average a response time
and for I Robert it is average s per r
NI again relatively speaking.
Ok?   Isn't it
?  Compare to other averages.
OK got it.  What is the third?  Third one
is Hitesh that at the time of purchasing the policy or
after purchasing it,
how many complaints did we get from them,
right at the time of purchase,
at the time of purchase,
okay, so at the
time of purchase, basically Hitesh,
how many complaints did these people get,
how many complaints did they get at the time of claim, we talked about that,
how many complaints did we get at the time of purchase,
right,
understood, so that is something which is
pretty good, percentage wise, if I am talking it is 0.01% for ICL, yes it is 01%, yes, it means their bat to me is quite good, I believe
other
correct product is correct, correct
other company,
if I compare it relatively to other company, then it is
decent,
quite good, in fact it is
better than decent, it is
better than decent, right it is sable, next it has become
negligible,
so based on these three metrics, definitely we
consider other metrics also, of course, for
sure, so in how would we
rate, that is,
how much have we rated the customer experience  Of course
how much did I rate ICICI Lobert even if the
complaints at the time of purchase are
quite low but
considering all the other parameters that we are
talking about if I look at them relatively then the
rating for customer service specifically
for ICI Lobert is not that great it is 3.1
out of five which yes but the
product is good the claim experience is
good but the customer experience is not good.
Customer experience is not that good.
Not that good.
Yes
ok ok
means if we are considering all the parameters.
If we are considering all the parameters
and marking them relatively then it is not that
great.  Check I am very confident
I say long will be working
on it and like you know this is going to
improve in the yes
so like customers that is why we say that pura ka pura content
jo hai aapko sab diffrent content paani milega here you get the entire thing doubt such as
the product customer
experience and claim experience so
accordingly you have to make your decision okay
so Ayush based on all these three things we have
rated the product we have
rated the customer experience we have
rated the AIIMS experience so how would we
rate ICICI lbd's Elevate plan overall and
these three which are broad level parameters
basically product benefit games
experience and customer service if the aggregate of these three is calculated then
if we look at the overall rating then
ICICI lambdar has been dated as 4.3
out of 8
nice
4.3 out of 8 which
is decent rating compare it comes in
under top three of our  Recommendations yes it has come
in the top three yes
it
is okay that means it was also feeling that this product should
come because as much as the
product has become popular so according to that yes and the
product is good in customer service as of now as this podcast is getting shot that
means the customer service
rating is a bit low but I am sure like you know this will also
improve in the
future
okay Aayush so we have talked about the product
so 4.3 so you have come to the customers
but now the important thing which is very important for you and me to
know is the premiums
now we have come to the premium section so now please
tell me about the premium and we will compare
it with other products which are in the market.
Yes.  So if we talk about the premium,
Hitesh, basically like I already told you that there are
many riders in it.
I am adding all these riders without adding them because it doesn't make sense.  I am
paying its premium.
If I remove all the riders.
Right?
And then I withdraw the premium.
And I am taking a test case obviously.
For like a 30 year old couple that's what we've been taking
from here.  30 year old couple having
a one year old child living in Mumbai.
For like a 10 lakh cover.  It's like
close to ₹15,500.
Cheap pretty cheap pretty
and this is the biggest reason Hitesh that it
is so customizable in this, everything
is available as an add on, so this is cheap, if
you
keep adding add on to it then it will be like this, that is, if
you reduce the winning period of PD then the
premium will increase,
right any room, if you select
add on then your premium will increase or right but
if I talk about the base premium then
it is like around 50500 600, it is something like this,
but friend if I compare it with like
late from ah Optima Secure out there right right
?  So Optima Secure's performance for the same test
case is approximately around 28,300.   Isn't it
?
Only because it has a lot of things
inbuilt in it.  It has 2X coverage.  Yes,
a lot of things are exactly inbuilt.  So
its premium is also high.   There are many more such
PS like for example let
me talk about Anywire.  Let me
talk about its highest variant.  So that's like
close to ₹200,000.  ₹1 is around ₹200,000.
This is also a decadent.   It
is deset.  Correct.  So basically it all boils
down to that you have been given customization,
you have been given a cheap product, you have been
given a good product, now it is up to you how to
play, credit right, you have the game, you know the
rules, now it is up to you how you want
to play, that is for you to guess, okay Ayush,
thanks a lot, I got a lot of information
about this product, so that's it, thank you
for watching.